##Objectives
1. Configure the correct IP address/subnet mask on each PC.
    Set the gateway address as the LAST USABLE address of the subnet.

2. Make three connections between R1 and SW1.
    Configure one interface on R1 for each VLAN.
    Make sure the IP addresses are the gateway address you configured on the PCs.

3. Configure SW1's interfaces in the proper VLANs.
    Remember the interfaces that connect to R1!
    Name the VLANs
     (Engeering, HR, Sales)

4. Ping between the PCs to check connectivity.
    Send a broadcast ping from a PC (ping the subnet broadcast address),
     and see which PCs devices receive the broadcast
      (use Packet Tracer's 'Simulation Mode')

##Topology
in topology file

##Lab Setup
Packet Tracer

##Tasks Performed
(1) On each PC I set up the respective IP addresses and the correct default gateway for each subnet
-ENGINEERING default gateway: 10.0.0.62
-HR default gateway: 10.0.0.126
-SALES default gateway: 10.0.0.190
Since they all had a prefix length of /26 they all had the same subnet mask of 255.255.255.192

(2) I configured one interface per VLAN by giving it the ip address of its respective default gateway and then doing no shutdown

(3) For each port that was conencted to the respective port on the router I would type:
int <interface>
switchport mode access
switchport acceess vlan <number>
and that would create the vlan if it didnt already exist
then to name them i would go to global config mode, type in the vlan i wanted to edit, and then write name <name>

and then i did the same for the ports on the switch connected to each end host and I would assign each pot to the respective
vlan using the saem commands as above

(4) I tested the broadcast ping in each subnet/broadcast domain and the only places the broadcast messaeg was recieved was the port on R1
for the respective vlan and the vlan's end hosts

pings between vlans also worked as intended by the message going to the switch, then the router, then back down to the switch, and then
to the intended end host in the seperate vlan


##Troubleshooting
I was wondering why the router would not accept my subnet mask for my gateway address on the router when i realized that I
was actually using the last possible address instead of the last usable address













