##Objectives
1. Configure R1's hostname

2. Use a 'show' command to view a list of R1's interfaces, their IP addresses, status, etc.

3. Configure the appropriate IP addresses on R1's interfaces, and enable the interfaces
    Configure appropriate interface descriptions

4. Use a 'show' command to verify R1's interfaces again.

5. View the running config to confirm the configuration changes, then save the config

6. Configure the IP addresses of PC1, PC2, and PC3
   (Watch the video to learn how to do this in Packet Tracer)

7. Ping from PC1 to PC2 and PC3 to test connectivity

##Topology
in seperate file

##Lab Setup
Packet Tracer

##Tasks Performed
(1)I changed the router's name from "Router" to "R1" using the following commands:
    Router>en
    Router#conf t
    Router(config)#hostname R1
(2)To view R1's interfaces, Ip addresses, etc. the following command was needed to be used in priveleged exec mode:
    R1#show ip interface brief
(3)In order to access the switch whose IP you want to hange you must use the command "R1(config)#interface gigabitethernet 'number/number'"
    R1(config)#interface gigabitethernet 0/0
    R1(config-if)#
and then to set their Ip addresses you use the command
    R1(config-if)#ip address 'ip address' 'subnet mask'
        according to different IP addresses there will be different subnet masks
            For example, an IP address with a prefix of /8 will have a subnet of 255.0.0.0
then to add a description you do
    R1(config-if)#description 'description'
then since Cisco routers by default have the shutdown command active you need to do
    R1(config-if)#no shutdown
        NOTE: the shutdown command disables all functions on the specified interface
then to address a different gigabit ethernet you dont need to exit you simply need to just type in the name of the interface as if you
were starting from global configuration mode (conf t)
    R1(config-if)#interface gigabitethernet 'code'
        NOTE:R1(config-if)#int g0/2 for example is a shortcut you can use
(4)then use the command 'show ip interface brief' to get an overview of all the interface's protocols(layer 2), statuses(layer 1), and ip
    NOTE: status is layer 1 becuase it essentially shows if the cable of the respective interface to properly connected at the front and end
    or if the cable is just shutdown alltogether
            Protocol is layer 2 is asking "Is ethernet fuctioning properly on both devices ?"
(5)To view the running config use the command
    R1#show running-config
and then to save the current config use'
    R1#write
(6)To configure th IP addresses of the PCs, go to the config of each PC, click teh interface that PC is connected to from the config tab, then
in IP configuration type it in.
(7) To ping PC1 to PC2 and 3 you must go to the command prompt of PC1 and type "ping 'ip address'"




