#Objectives
1. Configure the switch interfaces connected to PCs as access ports in the correct VLAN.

2. Configure the connection between SW1 and SW2 as a trunk, allowing only the necessary VLANs.
    Configure an unused VLAN as the native VLAN.
    **Make sure all necessary VLANs exist on each switch**

3. Configure the connection between SW2 and R1 using 'router on a stick'.
     Assign the last usable address of each subnet to R1's subinterfaces.

4. Test connectivity by pinging between PCs.  All PCs should be able to reach each other.

#Lab Setup
Packet Tracer

#Tasks Performed
1. For this task, I went into global config mode, then typed in the name of each interface to enter config-if mode, and for each, I typed
"switchport mode access"

2. For this step, I took each interface and wrote the command "switchport access vlan <number>" 
(The VLAN number came from the respective PC groupings seen in the topology) to create the VLANs. Then, for the trunk port, I used the
command "switchport mode trunk" for the point-to-point connection between SW1 and SW2, and then on
each respective interface, I did "switchport trunk allowed vlan <number>,<number>". On switch 2 I had to create vlan 30 on the switch
using "vlan 30" because we allowed the traffic from VLAN 30 on that trunk port, but vlan 30 didn't exist on SW2, I left VLAN 1 
as the native VLAN.

*NOTE*: You do not need to allow VLAN 20 on the trunk port because, due to the topology, the trunk port would never carry vlan 20 traffic.

*NOTE*: Why you needed to create vlan 30 on switch 2:
A switch won’t forward or process VLAN traffic that it doesn’t know about.

If VLAN X isn’t created on the receiving switch, the switch sees that VLAN tag as “unknown” and just drops the frames.

Creating VLAN X on the receiving switch tells it: “Yes, this VLAN exists in my VLAN database, I can forward frames for it.”



3. I allowed all three VLANs on int g0/2 (the one leading to the router). Then for example I will use vlan 10 but the steps apply for all
3, I typed "int g0/0.10" to access that subinterface and then typed "encapsulation dot1q 10", and then finally set the last usable ip
address of vlan 30 to it.

4. All pcs ping each other.
